Reserve an error message for "obj was inferred" (#14642)
dotnet/fsharp: src/Compiler/FSComp.txt

3555,chkInstanceLetBindingOnStaticClasses,"If a type uses both [<Sealed>] and [<AbstractClass>] attributes, it means it is static. Instance let bindings are not allowed."
3556,chkImplementingInterfacesOnStaticClasses,"If a type uses both [<Sealed>] and [<AbstractClass>] attributes, it means it is static. Implementing interfaces is not allowed."
3557,chkAbstractMembersDeclarationsOnStaticClasses,"If a type uses both [<Sealed>] and [<AbstractClass>] attributes, it means it is static. Abstract member declarations are not allowed."
3558,chkExplicitFieldsDeclarationsOnStaticClasses,"If a type uses both [<Sealed>] and [<AbstractClass>] attributes, it means it is static. Explicit field declarations are not allowed."

> 3559,typrelNeverRefinedAwayFromTop,"A type has been implicitly inferred as `obj`, which may be unintended. Consider adding explicit type annotations, disabling the warning, or suppressing it locally with `#nowarn \"3559\"`."

Reviewer: Don't use backticks in the messages. See, for instance, line 1658 above.

```suggestion
3559,typrelNeverRefinedAwayFromTop,"A type has been implicitly inferred as 'obj', which may be unintended. Consider adding explicit type annotations, disabling the warning, or suppressing it locally with '#nowarn \"3559\"'."
```

Reviewer: Actually, I think it is better to be consistent with the other wording used above. Consistency across the board is better. 

I mean:

```suggestion
3559,typrelNeverRefinedAwayFromTop,"A type has been implicitly inferred as `obj`, which may be unintended. Consider adding explicit type annotations. You can disable this warning by using '#nowarn \"3535\"' or '--nowarn:3535'."
```

> 3559,typrelNeverRefinedAwayFromTop,"A type inference variable has been implicitly inferred to have type `obj`. Consider adding explicit type annotations. This warning is off by default and has been explicitly enabled for this project. You may suppress this warning by using #nowarn \"3559\"."

Reviewer 2: I believe the last but one sentence can become untrue with time and the last sentence is generally applicable to whatever warning - so I'd remove those for brevity.

Author: This wording was Don's (https://github.com/dotnet/fsharp/pull/13298#discussion_r899036766) - I do agree with you. Is the new version better?

Reviewer 2: Hmhm not sure. Honestly I don't think it's good to suggest disabling the warning in any scenario but I might not have enough context here. @abelbraaksma?

Reviewer: Disabling a warning as a suggestion in a warning is common practice, quite a few warnings already have that hint. I wouldn’t be too worried about making that part of the message.

Though, about wording, “a type inference variable” is not really a thing. Though I understand its meaning, there may not be a variable at all (like, try `Ok “”`, the Error type ends up `obj`, but won’t have a variable).

Perhaps: “a type inference variable or free type parameter”? (Or without the word “free”)

Author: Honestly just "a type" seems unambiguous to me.

Reviewer: Good point, the word “inferred” is already in the sentence. 

> A type has been implicitly inferred ….
